2017.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 16)
 * No changes

2017.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 16)
 * Updated device specific constraints.

2017.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 15)
 * No changes

2017.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 15)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 14)
 * Added support for Whistler and low power devices.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 13)
 * Added support for Whistler and Zynq7000 devices.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 12)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 11)
 * Removed redundant rxclkoutfabric and txoutclkfabric pins
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 10)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 10)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 10)
 * Added device support for Defense Grade 7-Series Artix Extensions to include lower power additions.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 9)
 * Updated max line rate for Zynq device.
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances

2015.2.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 8)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 8)
 * No changes

2015.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 8)
 * Fixed TIMING-10 DRC issue.
 * Added Device support for new FBV and FFV packages.

2014.4.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 7)
 * Added new device support for low power speed grades
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time

2014.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 6)
 * Modified the port width of internal signals and value of some parameter for GUI

2014.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Added new device support for QArtix7 families
 * Added the package - cs325 fg484
 * Fixed TIMING DRC violations in IBERT IP and added ASYNC_REG property on register which has double synchronizer in CDC paths
 * Changed synthesis setting controlset threshold to 100 for 50t, 35t and 100t devices to fix placer issue

2014.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Added new device support for AArtix7, Artix7L, QArtix7 families
 * Added the package - csg325 fgg484 fgg676 fbg676 fbg484 clg484 sbg484 rb484 rb676 rs484
 * Repackaged to improve internal automation, no functional changes

2013.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 3)
 * No Changes

2013.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Fixed IP customization issue

2013.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Added new device support for AArtix7, Artix7L, QArtix7 families
 * Removed -2L support from all the XQ7A devices
 * Made the following package changes for XQ7A200 devices, 'Changed FB484 to RB484, FB676 to RB676 and SB484 to RS484'

2013.1:
 * Version 3.0
 * Native Vivado Release
 * There have been no functional or interface changes to this IP.  The version number has changed to support unique versioning in Vivado starting with 2013.1.

(c) Copyright 2000 - 2017 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
